Updated What's New 103 (#2029)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/whats-new/2022/06/devtools-103.md

<!-- Subtitle: Various bugs impacting DevTools controls and keyboard shortcuts were fixed in the new Focus Mode UI. -->

In the new **Focus Mode** DevTools UI, various bugs affecting controls and keyboard shortcuts for DevTools have been resolved:

> *  Improved behavior of collapsible side-panel tabs such as **Styles** in the **Elements** tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Improved behavior of collapsible panes such as **Styles** in the **Elements** tool.
```
